---
title: What's New
---
## <font color="#c00000">v11.0</font>  
## 'upsert' is now supported via the PUT method
Ability to create or update if record already exists. see: [Upsert](3.%20Using%20the%20API/15.%20Upsert.md)

## Compression is now supported
Compression is enabled by default when making calls using a standard header:  
`Accept-Encoding:  gzip or deflate`  
This applies to all API methods.

A couple of real-world examples that shows the benefit of using compression, where a list of transactions were retrieved using a GET list endpoint for a date range:

Example #1  
*Without compression:*  Takes 5 seconds and has a payload of **4.4 MB**.  
*With compression:*  Takes 4 seconds and has a payload of **142 KB**.  

Example #2  
*Without compression:*  22 seconds with response size of **9.47 MB**  
*With compression:*  8 seconds with response size of **320 KB**  
In this example, compression made the payload a 30th the size.

It is recommend to always use compression.

## Greater than and less than new query parameters
You can now use query parameters with:
- LessThanOrEqual ($lte)
- LessThan ($lt)
- GreaterThanOrEqual ($gte)
- GreaterThan ($gt)

e.g. Title numbers greater than 106438
{"title_no":{"$gt": "106438"}}


## Ability to use resultColumns for defining sub-table fields to return on maintenance docs.
When calling a maintenance document using a GET that includes a URL sub-table filter, you can now use the 'resultColumns'  parameters to define the fields you want returned in the response body. Previously the resultColumns parameter was only respected for the primary table and all fields were returned for the sub-table. By specifying the fields you want returned helps maintain overall system performance.

Example defining the field value you want returned from a Job subtable called Episode:
```
{{server}}/JmJob/job_no=342/jm_episode?resultColumns={"jm_episode":"title_no"}
```
This will return only respond with the Episode title_no values for job 342

A more complex example where there is a sub-sub-table are involved:
```
{{server}}/XmTransmissionOrder/wo_no_seq=1072992-1/mo_service_row/service_row_no=221083/mo_operation/operation_no=133119?resultColumns={"mo_operation":["operation_no","task_no","trx_resource_desc","trx_group_desc"]}
```
Returns Operation details for a transmission order for a specific Service Row.

## Corrected null date values  
Fixed in v10.6SP1 and v11.0
Creating date fields with a null value now correctly sets the date value to null as opposed to "0001-01-01T00:00:00"
Applies to POST/PUT/PATCH methods.

## SysContactFacade
POST to SysContactFacade no longer responds with the ID of the created record in the header, instead it now responds with the ID within the response body. This is due to the fact that SysContactFacade is capable of creating multiple new records and the header can only provide a single ID value.

## <font color="#c00000">v10.6</font>

-   Swagger documentation now includes the PATCH method using a POST payload
-   Swagger includes example payloads for sub-tables (previously not populated).
-   Swagger now includes PATCH method for list documents.
-   Other Swagger improvements and correct missing parameter fields.
-   Additional header parameters for optimization and filtering
    -   Ignore alternate keys
    -   Omit null values
    -   Filter results for maintenance documents